now we have been incredibly lucky we've
moved some of the vegetation L away and
right above me I can see two little tent
making bats these are very pretty bats
indeed and if you're not a fan of bats
because they're they're dark and
mysterious creatures these will probably
put you back on the right track because
we're us in the world do you actually
see of white bats now that white isn't
there to make them endearing to us
humans it is possibly to do with a trick
of light that white reflects the green
that comes through the leaf and makes
them blend in perfectly now this
structure is actually quite simple
it's say a leaf of a plant this in the
banana family
I know is a Heliconia and what the bats
have done is nibbled either side of the
main midriff of this leaf the leaf has
then folded almost like canvas over the
ridgepole of a rich tent and is folded
under its own weight to arrive the
perfect little encampment for these bats
also it seems pockmark relief with
little holes now what I can assume is
the batter allows them to kind of grip
on with their claws while they hang
upside down